Buildr Privacy Policy
Last Modified 11/26/18

Buildr is a free software application for mobile devices that was created by Jialu Gu, Shafer Hess, Emily Ou, Derek Shu, and Mangkorn Yuan. This private policy statement explains the personal data Buildr processes, how Buildr processes it, and for what purpose.

What We Collect
Information You Provide To Us
We require certain information to provide our services to you. This includes:
-Account Information: To create an account, you must provide a username and password. Your username is public and does not have to be related to your real name. Your password is salted and hashed. We also ask for your first name, last name, and an email address but this information is only available to administrators and is not available and cannot be seen by third party users. 

-Content You Submit: Buildr have optional fields which also collect other personal information from you where you can fill in right after you create an account, such as a profile picture, an avatar, your messages with other users, your reports, and the content you created within Buildr. These data can been seen under the Buildr application and will not be available nor shared to third parties.

-Actions You Take: Buildr collects information about the actions you take when using our application. This includes voting, reporting, and interactions with other users such as friending.

Opt-out rights
You have fill control over your data. You can remove or change any information which you have submitted, and remove any content that you have created. You are also allowed to completely remove your account which deletes every single data and information mentioned from our databases.

Managing Your Information
We offer a variety of controls over your personal information, such as:
You can adjust your username, password, and email in the 'Account' page in the Buildr application.
You can also adjust your profile picture by clicking the icon next to your profile picture and pasting a link of the new picture you wish to use.
If you would like to delete any user provided data that you have provided via Buildr, please contact hess33@purdue.edu and we will respond within a reasonable time. 

Data Retention Policy
We will retain user provided data for as long as you use Buildr.

Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide electronic and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to administrators and developers who need to know that information in order to operate, develop, and improve Buildr. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system is perfect nor impenetrable.

Inappropriate Content
Buildr reserves every right to take down and ban user accounts found to create or promote inappropriate content into the Buildr server. Buildr has a dedicated team to monitor and filter out inappropriate content which constitutes the following types on content: (1) is obscene, abusive or threatening; or (2) advocates or encourages conduct that could constitute criminal offenses. Buildr reserves the right to terminate your account for any such material using Buildr, and, if applicable, to delete any such material from its servers. Buildr intends to cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials or agencies in the investigation of any violation of these Private Policy or of any applicable laws.

Changes
This Private Policy may be updated from time to tome for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Private Policy by posting a new Private Policy here. You are advised to consult this Private Policy regularly for any changes, as continued us is deemed approval of all changes.

Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using Buildr, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at hess33@purdue.edu.
